Add a note in the readme advising on configuration file use (#148)
basecamp/solid_queue: README.md

If processes have no chance of cleaning up before exiting (e.g. if someone pulls a cable somewhere), in-flight jobs might remain claimed by the processes executing them. Processes send heartbeats, and the supervisor checks and prunes processes with expired heartbeats, which will release any claimed jobs back to their queues. You can configure both the frequency of heartbeats and the threshold to consider a process dead. See the section below for this.

### Other configuration settings

> _Note_: The settings in this section should be set in your `config/application.rb` or one of the `config/environments` like this: `config.solid_queue.silence_polling = true`

Reviewer: Just a small change to be consistent with another place where we refer to per-environment configs in this README:
```suggestion
_Note_: The settings in this section should be set in your `config/application.rb` or your environment config like this: `config.solid_queue.silence_polling = true`
```

Author: Sure, happy to change it! :+1:
